Add doc: Passing build arguments (#87)
konflux-ci/docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/configuring/build-with-args.adoc

> = Passing build arguments

Reviewer: You need to add this page into the closest `_nav.adoc` as well so that it shows up in the left navigation bar. i.e. [how-tos/_nav.adoc](https://github.com/konflux-ci/docs/blob/main/docs/modules/ROOT/pages/how-tos/_nav.adoc?plain=1).

Author: Updated.

> Konflux buildah task accepts link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/blob/main/task/buildah/0.1/buildah.yaml#L78[`BUILD_ARGS` parameter] that allows passing build arguments to the underlying `buildah` command via `--build-arg` flag. To do this, make the following changes to the PipelineRuns under the `.tekton/` directory:

Reviewer: Use `{ProductName}` instead of Konflux

Author: Updated.

[source,diff]
--
     value: 'pip'
   - name: build-source-image
     value: 'true'
+  - name: build-args           (1)
+    value: ["ARG1=val", "ARG2=val"]
   pipelineSpec:
     finally:
     - name: show-sbom
@@ -127,6 +129,9 @@
         during build
       name: build-args-file
       type: string
+    - name: build-args         (2)
+      type: array
+      default: []
     results:
     - description: ""
       name: IMAGE_URL
@@ -231,6 +236,8 @@
         value: $(tasks.clone-repository.results.commit)
       - name: BUILD_ARGS_FILE
         value: $(params.build-args-file)
+      - name: BUILD_ARGS       (3)

> +        value: ["$(params.build-args[*])"]

Reviewer 2: It might also be good to show how to pass a dynamically generated value (e.g. an array result of a custom task), since that's the more useful use case for BUILD_ARGS

Author: Updated. PTAL whether that's what you meant.

Reviewer 2: I think we could have a more complex example. Maybe add an "Advanced" section at the end, something like

### Advanced

You can do more creative things with the `BUILD_ARGS` parameter. For example, here's a snippet of a pipeline that allows passing build-args via the pipeline parameter (as described above) but also incorporates build-args generated dynamically by other tasks:

```yaml
spec:
  # ...
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
    # ...
    - name: build-container
      params:
      # ...
      - name: BUILD_ARGS
        value:
        # pass the build args array from the pipeline param
        - $(params.build-args[*])
        # and a dynamically generated array of build args
        - $(tasks.my-build-arg-generator-task.results.BUILD_ARGS[*])
        # and a build arg with a static name and dynamic value
        - VERSION=$(tasks.my-get-version-task.results.VERSION)
```

       runAfter:
       - prefetch-dependencies
       taskRef:
--

(1) Replace with real build arguments.

(2) Define a Pipeline parameter to accept the passed-in build arguments.

> (3) Pass the argument to the link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/tree/main/task/buildah/[buildah task].

Reviewer 2: It's not clear where in the pipeline YAML these should be done. If I'm not mistaken,
* defining the param (step 2) should be done in `.spec.pipelineSpec.params`
* passing the values (step 1) in `.spec.params`
* and passing the param to the buildah task (step 3) in `.spec.pipelineSpec.tasks[]` where the resolver references the buildah task

It would be helpful to document this and/or to show more context in the code example

Reviewer 2: > to show more context in the code example

Maybe something like the examples in https://konflux-ci.dev/docs/how-tos/configuring/prefetching-dependencies/#prefetching-pip-dependencies-from-custom-index-servers

Author: Updated.

= Passing build arguments

{ProductName} buildah task accepts link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/blob/main/task/buildah/0.1/buildah.yaml#L78[`BUILD_ARGS` parameter] that allows passing build arguments to the underlying `buildah` command via `--build-arg` flag. To do this, make the following changes to the PipelineRuns under the `.tekton/` directory:

> . Define a Pipeline parameter in `.spec.pipelineSpec.params` to accept the passed-in build arguments.

Reviewer 2: I think the default pipeline already has this param.
```suggestion
. Define a `build-args` Pipeline parameter (if not already present) in `.spec.pipelineSpec.params` to accept the passed-in build arguments.
```

+
[source,yaml]
--
spec:
  # ...
  pipelineSpec:
    params:
    # ...
    - name: build-args
      type: array
      default: []
--

> . Pass the argument to link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/tree/main/task/buildah/[buildah task]. Add `BUILD_ARGS` to `build-container.params`:

Reviewer 2: same here, the default pipeline does have it

= Passing buildah arguments

{ProductName} buildah task accepts link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/blob/main/task/buildah/0.1/buildah.yaml#L78[`BUILD_ARGS` parameter] that allows passing build arguments to the underlying `buildah` command via `--build-arg` flag. To do this, make the following changes to the PipelineRuns under the `.tekton/` directory:

> . Define a `build-args` Pipeline parameter (if not already present) in `.spec.pipelineSpec.params` to accept the passed-in build arguments.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Add a `build-args` Pipeline parameter (if not already present) in `.spec.pipelineSpec.params` to accept the passed-in build arguments.
```

+
[source,yaml]
--
spec:
  # ...
  pipelineSpec:
    params:
    # ...
    - name: build-args
      type: array
      default: []
--

. Pass the argument to link:https://github.com/konflux-ci/build-definitions/tree/main/task/buildah/[buildah task]. Add `BUILD_ARGS` to `build-container.params` (if not already present):

+
[source,yaml]
--
spec:
  # ...
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
    # ...
    - name: build-container
      params:
      # ...
      - name: BUILD_ARGS
        value: ["$(params.build-args[*])"]
--

+
The value can also be in form `tasks.<taskName>.results.<resultName>[*]` if it is generated by another task dynamically.

+

> An advanced example of it would be, you can do more creative things with the `BUILD_ARGS` parameter like this snippet of a pipeline that allows passing `build-args` via the pipeline parameter (as described above) but also incorporates `build-args` generated dynamically by other tasks:

Reviewer 2: I think the advanced example would work better at the end of the doc. Currently, step 2 is just a too long, and step 3 goes from an advanced example back to something very simple. I'll leave it up to you though

Author: Thanks for your suggestion. I'd like to keep it here in order to be compact.

> An advanced example of it would be, you can do more creative things with the `BUILD_ARGS` parameter like this snippet of a pipeline that allows passing `build-args` via the pipeline parameter (as described above) but also incorporates `build-args` generated dynamically by other tasks:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, you can do more creative things with the `BUILD_ARGS` parameter like this snippet of a pipeline that allows passing `build-args` via the pipeline parameter (as described above) but also incorporates `build-args` generated dynamically by other tasks:
```

+
[source,yaml]
--
spec:
  # ...
  pipelineSpec:
    tasks:
    # ...
    - name: build-container
      params:
      # ...
      - name: BUILD_ARGS
        value:
        # pass the build args array from the pipeline param
        - $(params.build-args[*])
        # and a dynamically generated array of build args
        - $(tasks.my-build-arg-generator-task.results.BUILD_ARGS[*])
        # and a build arg with a static name and dynamic value
        - VERSION=$(tasks.my-get-version-task.results.VERSION)
--

+

> Please note that the value of `BUILD_ARGS` is in the correct syntax described in link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/variables/[Variable Substitutions Supported by Tasks and Pipelines].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
NOTE: Ensure that the value of `BUILD_ARGS` is has the correct syntax as described in link:https://tekton.dev/docs/pipelines/variables/[Variable Substitutions Supported by Tasks and Pipelines].
```

> . Pass desired build arguments in the PipelineRun `.spec.params`:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
. Pass the desired build arguments in the PipelineRun `.spec.params`:
```

+
[source,yaml]
--
spec:
  params:
  # ...
  - name: build-args

>     value: ["ARG1=val", "ARG2=val"]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    # Replace with real argument name and value of each build argument.
    
    value: ["ARG1=val", "ARG2=val"]
```

--

+

> Replace with real argument name and value of each build argument.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

```
